fix(pr-review): flag speculators imports in launch_vllm.py (#1009)
vllm-project/speculators: .claude/skills/pr-review/SKILL.md

- **`src/speculators/data_generation/**`**: Hidden state extraction correctness, shift-based alignment (off-by-one), loss mask application before storage, vLLM client error handling.
- **`src/speculators/convert/**`**: Weight mapping completeness, shape compatibility, key renaming correctness, legacy format assumptions.
- **`src/speculators/config.py`**: Pydantic validators, serialization roundtrip, backward compat with saved checkpoints, registry auto-discovery.

> - **`scripts/launch_vllm.py`**: This script runs inside the vLLM virtualenv (`VLLM_PYTHON`), which does **not** have `speculators` installed. Any `import` from `speculators` (direct or transitive) will cause an `ImportError` at startup, crashing the vLLM server and breaking all e2e tests. Flag any such import with confidence 95+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`scripts/launch_vllm.py`**: This script runs inside the vLLM virtualenv (`VLLM_PYTHON`), which does **not** have `speculators` installed. Make sure there's no `speculators` dependency and flag any such import with confidence 95+.
```
